in the last issue of fatty Gazette
we showed the crowning of Britain's new
king of the gypsies Savio fetch Allegro
the next day the new Kings first act is
to officiate at the wedding of his
nephew with all the pomp of the age-old
Romani King fetch Allegro brings the
bride in her jittering wedding dress
while the bridegroom waits inside the
church and both here and later in the
day
the ceremonial is exactly as it has been
handed down by the gypsies for centuries
King fetch Allegro carries the bride
across the church threshold and when
bride and bridegroom come out the gypsy
band plays its plaintive melody
after the official church wedding they
all ride out into the fields for the
true Roman a wedding which they used the
old barbaric Romani rites and speak the
strange Romani language and 40,000
people followed to watch King fetch
allegra put the question that has been
asked so many times before
Albany among you OSHA faded this child
Leon
petulant grow shall not be a Roman in
the truths in God of fashion - I Lenny
Smith the bride is presented and her
father answers for her there are long
keep special angle Oh sir these two
can't be honored by the right to the
Dinaric and I mingle in their blood
mingling dab that is literally true
because King fetch Allegro cuts their
fingers until the blood flows and then
he binds them together with a silken
core and offers up a Romani prayer
Carl give us gravis and pray the
shallower cheerin now Seattle cheer
10,000 and it'll give us matter jubileus
to Laura suffered of Mandalay least
preserve tell some and a photographer
DiMucci Linda's bit of event
meanwhile a camp fire has been lit below
the steps the bridegroom jumps through
it show that she'll go anywhere with her
husband the bride follows and then when
they do it together it's easy
and that's how the ramen is do it
you